docs: Add documentation style guidelines (#141)
coconut-svsm/svsm: Documentation/DOC-GUIDELINES.md

///
/// assert_eq!(range1.partial_cmp(&range2), Some(Ordering::Less));
/// ```
impl cmp::PartialOrd for Elf64AddrRange {
    fn partial_cmp(&self, other: &Elf64AddrRange) -> Option<cmp::Ordering> {
	//(...)
```

- Add section "Safety" if necessary to clarify what is unsafe, specially in
  public (`pub`) interfaces, when using `unsafe` blocks or in cases where
  undefined behavior may arise. For example:

```rust
/// # Safety
///
/// This function is marked as `unsafe` because it uses unsafe assembly.
/// It is the responsibility of the caller to ensure the following:
///
/// 1. The pointer `data` must be valid and properly allocated memory.
/// 2. The length `len` must accurately represent the number of elements in
///   `data`.
/// 3. The caller must also ensure that the memory is correctly initialized
///
```
- We can't have a section "Panic" for every place the SVSM may panic, but
  they should be included if your code checks assertions or uses the
  `unwrap()` method. For instance:

```rust
/// # Panics
///
/// This function does not panic under normal circumstances. However, if
/// the length `len` is greater than the allocated memory's actual capacity,
/// it will panic.

> ```

Reviewer: By the way, I just realized that running clippy in pedantic mode (`cargo clippy --all -- -W clippy::all -W clippy::pedantic`) will warn you about these. For example:

```
warning: docs for function which may panic missing `# Panics` section
   --> src/svsm.rs:325:1
    |
325 | pub extern "C" fn svsm_start(li: &KernelLaunchInfo, vb_addr: usize) {
    | ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
    |
note: first possible panic found here
   --> src/svsm.rs:332:9
    |
332 |         launch_info.kernel_region_phys_start.try_into().unwrap(),
    |         ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
    = help: for further information visit https://rust-lang.github.io/rust-clippy/master/index.html#missing_panics_doc
```

I don't think we'll be running pedantic mode in our CI anytime soon, as there's just too many warnings, but maybe worth mentioning.

Documentation Style
===================

In this project, code documentation is generated using Rustdoc, which
automatically generates interactive web documentation. Here are some
guidelines for documenting code effectively:

- Follow [Rust's official indications.](https://doc.rust-lang.org/rustdoc/how-to-write-documentation.html)

- Follow standard Markdown format, e.g. variables between backticks:

- When adding doc comments to your code, use triple slashes (`///`)
  to document items; if you also want to document modules or crates, use
  `//!` and `#[doc = ""]` for documenting fields or expressions.

```rust

> /// This function does A, takes parameter of type `m`
> /// It returns B, keep in mind C
> fn main(a: m) {
>      // Some code here
> }
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
/// This function does A, takes parameter of type [`M`].
/// It returns [`B`], keep in mind C
fn main(a: M) -> B {
     // Some code here
}
```

Note there is also an extra newline that we do not need.

///
/// # Returns
///
/// - [`Some<Ordering::Less>`] if [`self`] is less than `other`.
/// - [`Some<Ordering::Greater>`] if [`self`] is greater than `other`.
/// - [`Some<Ordering::Equal>`] if [`self`] is equal to `other`.
/// - [`None`] if there is no partial order (i.e., ranges overlap but are not equal).
///
/// # Examples
///
/// ```rust
/// use svsm::elf::Elf64AddrRange;
/// use core::cmp::Ordering;
///
/// let range1 = Elf64AddrRange { vaddr_begin: 0x1000, vaddr_end: 0x1100 };
/// let range2 = Elf64AddrRange { vaddr_begin: 0x1100, vaddr_end: 0x1200 };
///
/// assert_eq!(range1.partial_cmp(&range2), Some(Ordering::Less));
/// ```
impl cmp::PartialOrd for Elf64AddrRange {
    fn partial_cmp(&self, other: &Elf64AddrRange) -> Option<cmp::Ordering> {
	//(...)
```

- Add section "Safety" if necessary to clarify what is unsafe, specially in
  public (`pub`) interfaces, when using `unsafe` blocks or in cases where
  undefined behavior may arise. For example:

```rust
/// # Safety
///
/// This function is marked as `unsafe` because it uses unsafe assembly.
/// It is the responsibility of the caller to ensure the following:
///

> /// 1. The pointer `data` must be valid and properly allocated memory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
/// 1. The pointer `data` must point to valid memory.
```

> /// 2. The length `len` must accurately represent the number of elements in
> ///   `data`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
/// 2. The length `len` must accurately represent the number of bytes in
///   `data`.
```

> /// 3. The caller must also ensure that the memory is correctly initialized

Reviewer: ```suggestion
/// 3. `src` must be correctly initialized.
```

///
pub unsafe fn example_memcpy<T>(dest: *mut T, src: *const T, len: usize) {
    // Ensure the pointers are not null

>     assert!(!dest.is_null() && !src.is_null());

Reviewer: The function should have a `# Panics` section in this case. We can even merge this example with the one below.

    let mut rcx: usize;

>     unsafe {

Reviewer: The function is already unsafe, so there is no need for this unsafe block as far as I know.

        asm!(
            "rep movsb"
            : "={rcx}"(rcx)
            : "0"(len), "D"(dest), "S"(src)
            : "memory"
        );
    }
}
```
- We can't have a section "Panic" for every place the SVSM may panic, but
  they should be included if your code checks assertions or uses the
  `unwrap()` method. For instance:

```rust
/// # Panics
///

> /// This function does not panic under normal circumstances. However, if
> /// the length `len` is greater than the allocated memory's actual capacity,
> /// it will panic.

Reviewer: I would simply say:

```suggestion
/// The function will panic if the provided length exceeds the buffer's capacity.
```
